the staff thinks this is my
first youtube video
I'm going to teach you how to make a
low cost to use a guitarist
even because if it was to make a real
Yes, but yes, it was a long day.
offset because the free market the same
has several ready made jarico in the range of
300 reais of serious
so the intention is to spend almost nothing
if the boy is possible what he could
to use without cost that you must improvise
the idea was at the general improvisation but
run an employee thing too
can win everything to cross new
that costs what it costs little
same
and it's just an idea later you get this
better project to do the way it does
This way I suspect and do not
liked to lose expression 'where do
forgiveness of the expression I of several days in
various pedal looks very expressive
good pedal of staff and professional
only requires a tool and requires some time
to undo an understanding as well
Not so. I'll do it.
then came the ability to see what
I think my idea for me to him
was not spending not dancing even though I
I could economize
I do not say I liked it I think if I
I spent 30 reais a lot and I did not have
liked because the first name chic
that I used who even
so I had to buy the chic vote
Of what cost me 25 rest I think I
had I had in my brother then
I had to buy another one because I ended up
spoiling trying to make some other
things then let's do it now
I watched the goal